Shangjing still has 30,000 to enter
Not enough at all.
You don't have to listen to what your mother says
Imperial teacher is highly respected
Did you not listen to him?
As long as you go to the capital to gather enough concubines of soldiers
Can resist all other places
For hundreds of years.
But because of this
Let my uncle take away the defenders from all over the world
Regardless of the lives of the people
Who says I don't care about the lives of the people?
I try my best to get those people on camera
I also let you open the warehouse to put grain
Countermeasures are inevitable
Some old, weak, sick and disabled will indeed die here
But we can't save everyone.
Abandoning an official and fleeing is also a felony
That's also the meaning of the fairy nest
How scary do you think demons are?
Maybe it won't take long to return it.
At that time, let the people adjust their health care
Is it also an opportunity?
He abandoned so many people on the road
All were killed by demons
I really don't know
What's wrong with this demon?
Can't fight yet
This year, my uncle quit the war without fighting
What qualifications does he have?
According to me, the general of Qinzhou should be ashamed and confused
If your uncle is a coward who is afraid of death
I can stay here for ten years
Concubine
I heard that he also got a cut from his son
But when did you make such a hurtful compromise?
I told you straight
This fold is for my mother
This year's ghosts are indeed not very good
Your uncle can't hold on anymore
We have to preserve our strength.
You immediately send someone to catch the thief Ye Xuan
Ye Li, save your uncle, mother
The son-in-law can't make this fold
At this time, colleagues can no longer manipulate
You treat them as brothers
Do they think you are the big brother?
Don't think I don't know
You secretly sent people out just to save them
So weak
If I fall
You haven't been caught by them brothers for the first time
Gotta kill
mother
And since his father's strong country
unbalanced external invasion
Bird civil strife
son
It's a death sentence.
Your Highness
The third prince and the fourth prince ask to see
Here they are.